Add developer guide on how to create new connectors (#288)
microsoft/presidio: docs/tutorial_connector.md

# Connector developer guide

This guide describes how developers can write new connectors for Presidio.
Connectors allow users to anonymize their data between different data sources.
This guide will review a few key Connector concepts and then describe how to create connectors and schedule the anonymization process between them.

## Core concepts

To anonymize data between one system and another, define Connectors for the systems to pull the data from or push data to.
There are two types of Connectors:
1. Source - data source from which data is read.
2. Sink - anonymized data output target.

After having both sink and source connectors defined, the next step is to trigger the Scheduler.
The Scheduler allows you to read your data periodically from the Source Connector, anonymize it and export it to Sink Connector.

## How to Create New Data Source Connector

> The project already has support for sources like object storage and streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project already supports sources like object storage and streams.
```

> For similar sources and code reuse, or creating a new source follow the steps in how to create:

Reviewer: sentence should be rephrased a bit

* [Object Storage Source Connector](#object-storage-source-connector)
* [Stream Source Connector](#stream-source-connector)
* [New Source Connector](#new-source-connector)

### Object Storage Source Connector

Object storage is a computer data storage architecture that manages data as objects.

> Currently the following object storage are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the following object storage services are supported:
```

Creation of additional types of source connector are more than welcome.
To implement a new type of data Source Connector follow the next steps:

1. **Create implementation** - Create a new directory under `pkg` and implement the new data source connector. you can take example from the existing connectors.
1. **Create configuration** - create templates for source and any additional configurations and service definitions, on the [presidio-genproto](https://github.com/microsoft/presidio-genproto/blob/master/golang/template.pb.go) repo.
1. **Create Factory** - Create a new directory under `presidio-collector/cmd/presidio-collector/` and add a factory like the factories for other connectors types.

## How to Create New Data Sink

All data sinks need to implement the [Datasink](../presidio-datasink/cmd/presidio-datasink/datasink/datasink.go) interface.
The Datasink interface represents the different data output types.
It requires implementation of following methods:
    - `Init`  - how to initialize the datasink.
    - `WriteAnalyzeResults` - write the analyzer results to the specified datasink.
    - `WriteAnonymizeResults` - write the anonymized response to the specified datasink.

> The project already has support for sinks like object storage, database and streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project already supports sinks like object storage, database and streams.
```

> For similar sinks and code reuse, or creating a new sink follow the steps in how to create:

Reviewer: sentence needs a bit refactoring. especially the last part (in how to create)

* [Stream Sink Connector](#stream-sink-connector)
* [DB Sink Connector](#db-sink-connector)
* [New Sink Connector](#new-sink-connector)

### Object Storage Sink Connector

Creating an object storage sink connector is similar to object storage source connector.
In addition to steps listed in storage source connector,
implement the following functions in you storage scanner class:
    1. `CreateContainer(name string)` - create container/bucket reference
    1. `New(kind string, config stow.Config, concurrencyLimit int)` - initialize a new storage instance.
    1. `PutItem(name string, content string, container stow.Container)`  - write a new item to the container
    For example see: [storage](../pkg/storage/storage.go)

### Stream Sink Connector

Creating a stream sink connector is similar to stream source connector.
In addition to steps listed in stream source connector:
1. **Implement producer** - To allow message to be written to the stream define `NewProducer` method in your stream struct.
1. **Add to Factory** - Add your newly created stream sink under [stream](../presidio-datasink/cmd/presidio-datasink/stream/stream.go) `New` method.

### DB Sink Connector

> In our project we support the following DBs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Presidio supports the following DBs:
```
